So you want to be a lawyer.
What should you watch out for.
What are your deployment steps.
First of all you need to build your app for production which means you should many fight a code and
you should consider ahead of time compilation.
If you are using to seal I you just need to run Engy bold dash dash dash dash or T to get all of that
out of the box if you're using a different set up.
Well you should either build the steps you need on your own or well follow the documentation of which
ever said you using.
Another important thing is the base element in the index HVM of file that is something we haven't looked
at yet.
I will come back to this in a second should be set correctly now by default if you're serving your app
from your domain dot com slash nothing then it will be set correctly.
But if your anger or doesn't run on your root domain but instead on some nested Poth like my app.
So slash my app then you should adjust the base element to point to slash my app.
This is required by the angular router to work correctly and you should also make sure that your server
always returns to index thought HVM file.
That means that if you encounter a 4 0 for error on the server.
So that means page not found that your server returns to index aged him a file.
Why.
Well it only applies if you are using the paff location strategy for routing which is the default strategy
which is normal.
You are out of your app dot com slash recipes for example.
Now when using does the route is still parsed by the server first.
This is how the web works.
You send a request if you visit slash recipes so if you want to here's an example of com slash recipes
you entered dead in the browser.
You send the request to the server.
That is how it works how what you send it to angle or it's not running yet.
So your server then will receive that and it will see if it finds a recipe's folder or if it finds a
route depending on how your server is configured.
And chances are it won't find to route because it's registered angular not on the server.
Therefore your server will come to the conclusion that this route is not found and will follow for for
error.
Now that's the default behavior but it's bad because we don't want to get an error.
We want to get our app because we know that the route will be defined error in our angular app.
So the solution is to simply configure your server hosting your anger app to always return the angler
app in case of a unfond road because then angler gets a chance of taking over.
And if you don't have a catch all route in the angler app which might detect pauvres which really don't
exist there.
You can render an arrow page in the angler app but it is important that you have a chance of reaching
that at first.
It of course depends on which server you're using and how it is set up and on how you will have to configure
it to get this behavior.
But it's super important that you do configure it in such a way and it should be really easy to find
some instructions for the server you're using but simply googling for your server and then return four
or four error page which then basically should contain the same content as the index age HTML file.
If you're wondering why we don't encounter this issue when using Engy serve in our set up an hour seal
I will just because the development service spun up by the Seelye automatically has this behavior built
in.
And while we would get the same behavior we're there.
So these are all important things to keep in mind.
And with all that kept in mind you can deploy it specifically you can deploy the artefact generated
in your dist folder you'll see what I mean the next lecture when I start deploying it to Amazon Web
Services as free